Update istioctl analyze ops doc to not recommend using master (#5607)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/diagnostic-tools/istioctl-analyze/index.md

- **What Istio release does this tool target?**

      Like other `istioctl` tools, we generally recommend using a downloaded version that matches the version deployed in your cluster.

      For the time being, analysis is generally backwards compatible, so that you can e.g. run the 1.4 version of `istioctl analyze` against a cluster running Istio 1.1 and expect to get useful feedback. Analysis rules that are not meaningful with an older Istio release will be skipped.

>       If you decide to use the latest `istioctl` for analysis purposes on a cluster running an older Istio version, it is suggested that you keep it in a separate folder from the version of the binary used to manage your deployed Istio release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If you decide to use the latest `istioctl` for analysis purposes on a cluster running an older Istio version, we suggest that you keep it in a separate folder from the version of the binary used to manage your deployed Istio release.
```

      The set of [configuration analysis messages](/docs/reference/config/analysis/) contains descriptions of each message along with suggested fixes.

## Advanced

### Getting the latest version of `istioctl analyze`

Although `istioctl analyze` is included in versions of Istio 1.4 and beyond, you can also directly download the very

> latest version to use on your cluster. This version is unstable, but will have the most complete and up to date set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
latest version to use on your cluster. This version may be unstable, but will have the most complete and up to date set
```
